Installation instructions:

1. Get the source code (for example, from
https://github.com/jhpalmieri/ultratex). Make sure that the lisp
directory is in your emacs load-path: put a line like this in your
.emacs file:

  (setq load-path (cons "/home/user/ultratex/lisp" load-path))

2. Also, make sure that AUC-TeX
(http://www.gnu.org/software/auctex/index.html) is installed -- it may
be already, depending on your Emacs installation. In particular, we
need the files tex.el, tex-buf.el, tex-site.el, and font-latex.el. You
can just get those four files and put them in your load path, for
example in the directory ultratex/lisp, or you can do the full AUC-TeX
installation. If you do, then I think that those files won't be put
into your load-path.  You can test this by starting Emacs and
executing

  M-x locate-library tex-buf

and see if it gives an error or not. If it gives an error, then you
need to remedy this, either by hand, putting a line like this in your
.emacs file:

  (setq load-path (cons "/directory/containing/tex-buf.el" load-path))

or you can try to let emacs figure it out. With the standard
installation of auctex, if "auctex.el" is in directory "DIR", then the
relevant files are in "DIR/auctex/", so this should work:

  (setq load-path (cons
                   (substring (locate-library "auctex") 0 -3)
                   load-path))

3. At this point, you should probably byte-compile the files in the
ultratex/lisp directory: from the directory "ultratex", if you run
emacs by typing "emacs", then run:

    make elc

If you run emacs by typing something else (e.g., "emacs-20.3" or
"xemacs"), run:

    make EMACS=emacs-20.3 elc

or

    make EMACS=xemacs elc

or whatever.

4. (This step is optional, but if you want to read the documentation,
you need to do this.)  Run:

        make info

to create info files, usable by Info mode in Emacs or by stand-alone
info readers.  Run

        make dvi

to create dvi files. (As in the previous step, you can specify
EMACS=... here.)

5. Put the lines

    (require 'light)
    (require 'ultex-setup)

in your .emacs file. These initialize the Lightning Completion and
Ultra-TeX packages, respectively.

6. Restart Emacs and customize the packages as desired, by using the
commands

    M-x customize-group lightning-completion
    M-x customize-group ultra-tex

You may need to load the ultex package, say by typing

    M-x load-library ultex

or by opening up a TeX file, before you can do the second
customization.
